[Music]
nothing about this case was done right
they violated every rule every protocol
and then have long hid since the
beginning of the investigation the
evidence that they knew he was innocent
the entire prosecution was false it must
be dismissed for the government's
egregious misconduct and his guilty plea
withdrawn that Sidney Powell the lead
attorney for president Trump's former
National Security Advisor General
Michael Flynn reacting to newly unsealed
FBI documents during the Muller
investigation
I spoke with her on mornings with Maria
on Fox Business this week those
documents include handwritten notes from
the date of Flynn's interview in January
in which FBI officials debated whether
to warn him that lying to the federal
agents was a felony or quote get him to
lie so we can prosecute him or get him
fired joining me right now is Judiciary
Committee Chairman Senator Lindsey
Graham senator it's great to have you
this morning thanks so much for joining
us we've been down this road many times
in terms of that cabal and how they set
everybody up to try to take down Donald
Trump we now know Peter Strock was
critical there will you call Peter
struck to your committee to interview
him as a witness senator yeah when the
case is over I'm not going to do
anything to interfere in an ongoing
criminal case I'd be unethical that'd be
wrong but when this case is over I'm
going to ask questions like why did the
field office recommend dropping the case
and Peter struck and the 7th floor
insisted did it go forward seems to me
there's a tale of two FBI is here the
FBI agents that we all admire in the
field office in this hit squad that
McCabe and Kobe put together
operating out of the seventh floor I
want to know why Flynn was being
surveilled by the Obama administration
to begin with they you know the Obama
administration is surveilling the
national security adviser of the
president look what the hell was that
all about I want to know why they were
looking at manufacturing their crime
rather than investigating the one
investigating a crime the field agents
wanted to drop the case it was the
seventh floor at the FBI said no we got
to go forward it is now time to
understand how the seventh floor
operated while
be all over that mr. president don't
give Flynn a pardon yet let the system
work out he deserves a new trial and
that case should be dismissed because of
prosecutorial misconduct that's the
right answer here so you do you think
he'll be exonerated then I think the
judge should in light of this new
evidence dismiss the guilty plea and
eventually dismissed the case we now
know in January the 4th the FBI agents
in Washington said there's no there
there it was only after a stroke got
involved at the direction of the 7th
floor the case continued and this is a
processed crime they set him up I hope
the guilty plea is set aside and I hope
the government will join in a motion to
dismiss the case attorney general bars a
real hero here for the rule of law so
attorney general Barr if he joined in
with the defense to dismiss the case
that would be the right outcome then I
come in I've got to tell you though I
mean we've been talking about this now
for three years and when I first came on
the scene and said look this is a coup
to take down Donald Trump I got slammed
everybody out there was just going on
this you know Russia collusion
witch-hunt which was ridiculous and you
told me repeatedly over the last couple
of years as I continued to bring this
evidence forth in February of 2019 you
said I'm gonna subpoena Rosen Stein
Yates truck call me in July of nineteen
you said I'm vowing to do a deep dive in
August 19 you said we will make sure
this never happens again
September 22nd 2019 you came on this
show you said we're ready to start
calling people October 29 I'm gonna call
Horowitz and subpoena November 19 I'm
gonna call Horowitz after the findings
you are the only one with subpoena power
right now in the Republican Party we
need you to call these individuals down
to testify as witnesses people want you
to move on this senator are you gonna do
it yeah but I've told you and I'll tell
you again I'm not going to interfere an
ongoing criminal matter this is a rule
of law nation I'm a politician my goal
is to write a report of how I got off
the rails but I can promise you we're
going to do it right
I'm not going to jump into the middle of
this case but when it's over we're going
find out why the Muller investigation
lasted two years we're going to find out
what kind of FBI shop was run out of the
seventh floor we're going to find out
how you could issue warrants against
Carter page when the Russian sub source
told the FBI in January 2017 is all a
bunch of garbage that smiling Durham is
a prosecutor I'm an oversight guy but
I'm not going to in fear interfere in a
ongoing criminal matter period another
lane of yours is the China Lane
you also have bills coming out to keep
China's feet to the fire they lied and
they hid this coronavirus now the whole
world is suffering tell me what you're
gonna do and where are your colleagues
on the left in terms of partnering with
you against China well I've got a bill
that says we're going to put sanctions
on China's economy until they cooperate
with the investigation about how the
virus came out of the lab if it came out
of the lab at all closing the wet
markets that create these pandemics and
dealing with the abuse against the hong
kong democracy advocates but it doesn't
matter what I do or where Ted Cruz does
or Tom cotton or Marsha Blackburn or
martha mcsalley where is Pelosi and
Schumer
we've all got good ideas on the
Republican side the president wants to
be tough where is the democratic party
don't give China a pass so to Senator
Schumer Nancy Pelosi why don't you work
with me and others to hold accountable
China accountable for killing over
60,000 Americans and having 30 million
people lose their job they're absolutely
AWOL when it comes to China
accountability so none of this matters
unless you can get Democrats involved
yeah I know but so far the media is even
signing with the Democrats tried to
investigate President Trump I mean I
believe this election will be about
China most people understand reverse it
has taken place here and President Trump
has changed the conversation on China so
look at this the Democrats have been
paneled a group to look at Trump not
China president Trump's made very good
decisions very hard calls consistently
not one Democrat has come forward with
any idea to hold accountable China for
killing over 60,000 Americans
withholding information about the virus
and putting 30 million Americans out of
work because that's what we had to do to
save probably a million lives now one
Democrat has come forward with an idea
to hold China boy accountable China's
the problem not Trump Democratic Party
step up don't give China pass all right
we're gonna keep following you on this
senator thanks very much for joining me
this morning
we've got to get more into it with you
and the next time Senator Lindsey Graham
always a pleasure to see you sir thank
you